# Police-station-record-management-system
A police station record management system aims to manage all the records and details related to a police station in order to increase efficiency. A crime reporting system project has been designed to make managing and administering a police station easier and more effective by making it easier to manage and administer. Human rights have remained the most important factor in every country, because if human rights are not protected, no country can exist. It is the responsibility of every country's government to protect the freedom and rights of all human beings with no discrimination so that every individual can lead his life with his own choice without violating the rules and regulations set by the government of that country.Although it is the government responsibility to safeguard human rights but to takecare of human rights was not convenient for the government. In order to achieve this goal, the government decided to set up a police station in order to be used as a special platform for achieving it. In the police station management system project in php, all information about the Police Station is stored in a database, so that the Police Station staff will have less work to do. Consequently, the police station will be able to keep records as efficiently as possible and the manual effort will be greatly reduced. The objective is to make the existing system more efficient by computerizing it. The existing system required all work to be done manually, which involved a lot of drafting and paperwork, and all work had to be done in a timely manner. The police station record management system is exclusive to the police station. A great deal of time and manpower will be saved through this process and it will ensure that all activities will run as smoothly as possible and that errors and delays will be kept to a minimum.
